RandomWalk Rival (#15)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/method/Clustering-PageRank.tex

\section{PageRank}\label{sec:pagerank}

> We construct a graph over our documents, where edges between documents $d_1$ and $d_2$ are based on the similarity between them $sim(d_1, d_2)$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We construct a graph over our documents, where edges between documents $d_i$ and $d_j$ are based on the similarity between them $sim(d_i, d_j)$.
```

This allows us to use PageRank on the graph to search for similar documents.

> On top of this we can add a personalizaton vector, to guide the search in a specific direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of this, we can add a personalization vector, to guide the search in a specific direction.
```

> We can then base this personalization vector on a search query in order to find documents similar to the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can then base this personalization vector on a search query to find documents similar to the query.
```

> To contruct the adjacency matrix for the graph, we apply a similarity function on each pair of document-topic distributions $\theta_{d1}, \theta_{d2}$, from our topic model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To construct the adjacency matrix for the graph, we apply a similarity function on each pair of document-topic distributions $\theta_{d1}, \theta_{d2}$, from our topic model.
```

Author: ```suggestion
To construct the adjacency matrix for the graph, we apply a similarity function on each pair of document-topic distributions $\theta_{d_i}, \theta_{d_j}$, from our topic model.
```

> We use Jenson-Shannon difference as our similarity function, which is a measure of difference between probability distributions\cite{jensen-shannon2003}\cite{jensen-shannondis2003}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Jenson-Shannon distance as our similarity function, which is a measure of the distance between probability distributions\cite{jensen-shannon2003}\cite{jensen-shannondis2003}.
```

> It is calcuated using the sqaure root of the Jenson-Shannon divergence between two probability distributions, and gives a score form 0 to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is calculated using the square root of the Jenson-Shannon divergence between two probability distributions and gives a score from 0 to 1.
```

However since Jenson-Shannon calculates difference rather than similarity, a low value means more similarity, making our similarity function:

> $$sim(d1, d2) = 1 - JS(\theta_{d1}, \theta_{d2}$$

Author: ```suggestion
$$sim(d_1, d_2) = 1 - JS(\theta_{d_1}, \theta_{d_2}$$
```
